It is no longer possible to rapidly click the stockings and presents to get multiple copies of the presents. Instead, you can inject more toys using the agent injector.

make the room emit some nicer music!! probably just meso. maybe the window could swap the music as a funny easter egg.




UPDATE BLOCK SPRITES! should only be using frames 0 1 and 2!
(done) x

slow down framerate of fireplace
(done. trying triple of each frame to slow it down) x



fireplace should emit heat
(done) x



Locked teleporter so it can't be repeatedly spammed by creatures or the hand. 



one of the stockings can now all be picked up and have gravity.



ENTIRE ROOM HAS BEEN MOVED UP SO IT DOESNT COLLIDE WITH DEEP ABYSS!!!




(car is now a toy instead of invisible to norns)

(blocks are now toys instead of invisible to norns)





teleporter scripts were reworked to use ov00 ov01 variables to refer to each other instead of rtar. they now both share a single classifier.



fixed bugs with blocks... they didn't fall when blocks under them are removed. (also true when hitting blocks)




it is now possible for a norn to activate the car toy, which will just make it jump up a tiny bit. this is just for instincts.






window turns down strength of fireplace heat emitter when opened


Fix it so picking up/hitting blocks underneath blocks will make the top ones fall!



Added a new sound the Furby will emit when thrown. Whee!

furby emits loneliness decrease when used.





*any creature wearing a santa hat will spread festive cheer to those around them!
*(anger decrease)






fix RC remote buttons to be much bigger (so entire left side of controller is left button and vice versa)
(done)


if a norn is holding a block, activate 1 should change the colour! if not, it should redirect to the hit script.



remove snowglobe blinking script. update catalog file to match.


vendors now apply a bit of random velocity after creating food, so you're less likely to lose food behind copies of itself.



also have the fireplace emit norn home smell.
(done)



furby gives a loneliness decrease when played with.


set appropriate TRAN commands on everything. tran 0 0 means bounding box click detection. tran 1 0 means pixel perfect.
(done)




Changed block colour change sound.

Added a sound for opening presents.

Added some sounds for collisions.

lock window while its animating or you can just spam its sound and anim.
(fixed! also removed some redunant duplicate code in the doif statement)

retagged teleporter from "portal" to "teleporter" (oops!)



lock dispensers while they're animating for the same reason.



Remove blank sprites from blocks sprite file and change numbers to 1 2 3.
(Fixed up the stackable blocks script a bit, allowing removal of some unused extra frames in the blocks image file.)



Now creatures don't think they've picked up a machine when picking up a block, as it's intended to be a toy. This will probably stop ettins hoarding them, if they did. They couldn't pick them up in the first place because of their classifier 1 1  so this patch note makes no sense.




Using the block to change its colour will also stim the norn as if they've just played with a toy rather than activated a machine.)




maybe add ports to the dispensers.
(done)



mirror the sprites in the Snowy Window image file, instead of flipping them at runtime (very slightly more efficient).
(done) 





funny things I fixed: For some reason, many objects in the room tried to immediately jump the camera to themselves. Now only the fireplace does.

the log is now created with the correct FIRST_IMAGE setting instead of starting on frame 0 and using the POSE command to go to the correct frame.

The santa hat agent was using a non-existent genus. It now uses the "Invisible to creatures" genus.


The Santa hat can no longer be worn by geats, as their heads shape vary too much. Gaia is an exception to this rule.


Reduced the volume of the Dalek's "EXTERMINATE!" sound. It should be considerably less obnoxious now.






Fixed some of the black pixels on the Turkey-O-Matic becoming invisible while animating. Also fixed part of the left edge of the sprite being misaligned.
(might not be worth mentioning now you've also added I/O ports and a hatch on the side)






Fixed a bug causing the Mini Spinning Top to delete itself if it was picked up and dropped while spinning.

Improved the Dalek to change direction every few activations instead of always moving to the left.


Improved the injection script to only resize the map to 10000x10000 if it's smaller than 10000x10000.


all food should emit the appropriate smell and stim the appropriate nutrients.
(done)




Allow creatures to activate 1 (and probably 2) all vendors
Allow creatures to hit all vendors.
